# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in -o requirements.txt
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
atpublic==4.0
    # via ibis-framework
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   requests-cache
babel==2.15.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bidict==0.23.1
    # via ibis-framework
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via google-auth
cattrs==23.2.3
    # via requests-cache
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via matplotlib
cryptography==42.0.7
    # via pyjwt
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
db-dtypes==1.2.0
    # via ibis-framework
dbutils==3.1.0
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via pygithub
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
fonttools==4.50.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
google-api-core==2.17.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-core
google-auth==2.28.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   pydata-google-auth
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.0
    # via pydata-google-auth
google-cloud-bigquery==3.19.0
    # via ibis-framework
google-cloud-bigquery-storage==2.24.0
    # via ibis-framework
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.0
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.62.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.62.1
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via jupyterlab
ibis-framework==8.0.0
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
ipykernel==6.29.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.24.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.2
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
json5==0.9.25
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema==4.22.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
jupyter-client==8.6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.14.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.2.0
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.8.3
    # via seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
multipledispatch==1.0.0
    # via ibis-framework
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
notebook==7.0.7
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   db-dtypes
    #   ibis-framework
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   seaborn
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   db-dtypes
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
pandas==2.2.1
    # via
    #   db-dtypes
    #   ibis-framework
    #   seaborn
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
parsy==2.1
    # via ibis-framework
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.2.0
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==4.2.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   requests-cache
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
proto-plus==1.23.0
    # via google-cloud-bigquery-storage
protobuf==4.25.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psutil==5.9.8
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
py4j==0.10.9.7
    # via pyspark
pyarrow==15.0.1
    # via
    #   db-dtypes
    #   ibis-framework
pyarrow-hotfix==0.6
    # via ibis-framework
pyasn1==0.5.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydata-google-auth==1.8.2
    # via ibis-framework
pygithub==2.3.0
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   rich
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via pygithub
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via pygithub
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via matplotlib
pyspark==3.5.1
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   ibis-framework
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   ibis-framework
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==26.0.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.5.2
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.4.1
    # via qtconsole
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2023.12.25
    # via ibis-framework
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   pygithub
    #   requests-cache
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-cache==1.2.0
requests-oauthlib==1.4.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.7.1
    # via ibis-framework
rpds-py==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
seaborn==0.13.2
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
setuptools==69.2.0
    # via pydata-google-auth
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   url-normalize
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.28
    # via
    #   ibis-framework
    #   sqlalchemy-views
sqlalchemy-views==0.3.2
    # via ibis-framework
sqlglot==20.11.0
    # via ibis-framework
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via nbconvert
toolz==0.12.1
    # via ibis-framework
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.4
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   ibis-framework
    #   ipython
    #   pygithub
    #   sqlalchemy
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
url-normalize==1.4.3
    # via requests-cache
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   pygithub
    #   requests
    #   requests-cache
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via deprecated
